Its been three days since it started. The first day, everyone was tense. Living on the other side of town where it started, it was merely "thoughts and prayers". People still checked their mail, but hurried to get their groceries. The second day, they closed the elementary school; but no children played outside like it was summer break. Their parents started to raise concerns about the media they consumed, instead of just asking them how they felt. And now, on the third day, the birds won't even chirp in the morning.

Its hard to enjoy much, as the city advised everyone to stay on immediate lock. Even if you're getting paid leave off of work, its hard to even play a server knowing what lies outside. Cage like almost, confined like a rat. Perhaps games with violence are a little distasteful at this moment.. Only being a day, it feels like a century is dragging on of news to come. News of what "beloved" official has been slaughtered, whom they can't even hold a memorial for. And perhaps never will, as their body will decay before they can be safely reached.

The face on the television, the only thing that illuminates the room, is one you vaguely recall. A slightly dated photo of the man from a yearbook, his red hair almost bleeds thru the screen. The room is bathed in red when hes shown. And his eyes, unnerving, as if the photo knows you're there; and would blink back at you. Even four years ago, he had that vacant stare in his eyes. Like window panes that lead into a house of darkness. The news anchor, who can only theorize, states officials think he snapped after being evicted from his home.

Trying to ratio some of your drink, not knowing when you'll get more again, you can't blame him for taking this approach. Knowing how this town is, you could hear murmurs a few days before when he was first named. "He was such a sweet boy" said the old woman you recall saying "boys will be boys" in response to a student recieving a concussion; and family driven homeless from medical bills. "He used to walk my dog" the trucker, who finally returned home, says as he used to snark about kids these days needing to pull themselves up by the bootstraps; and stop asking for handouts. "He should've just asked for help" that one kid says, who is apparently the head of the students rights committee of the school. But will never admit the slurs they hurled at another. And funnily, none of them remembered his name until it was announced. Only calling him "that postal boy", since he was the mail carrier. Or for the teens, they called him "the postal dude". But his real name was-..

Between the intermission of the news broadcast and commercials, of which barely aid in trying to make the residents feel a sense of normalcy, you swear theres some kind of noise outside. Frozen, as if time has stopped. You can faintly hear the pitter patter of rain beginning to fall onto the roof. And you sigh, remembering that bad things like this only happen in movies.. They only happen to people besides you; only stories you hear about, and never take as a reminder, but as a fairy tale.

Trying to laugh, like the same bad joke you've been hearing over again on that tape you recorded, taking it as a sign you should try and get some sleep. Its a late hour of the night, surely past twelve. And figures, why would a psycho killer stop by your residence, in the middle of this small neighborhood anyway? Its a grim thought to have, but you'd be thankful for the sacrifises of the first houses on the street as being your warning.

Peeking outside one last time thru the upstair blinds, not a light on the street. Even the ones outdoors, strangely seem dimmed in grief. Its a rainy night, you like to think it will wash away the blood painting the streets down into the ugly sewer. The window near the bed, watching the rain fall thru the small opening you made. And as the curtains of your eyes begin to droop slowly, something is in the corner of your eye.

Quickly doing a double take, swearing something ran by, its nothing. Getting up to peek a little further, theres nothing in that direction either. And theres no reason for a animal, like a cat, to be slithering around out there. Everyone made sure to grab the outdoor ones and let them inside. Although, you overheard a rumor from one of the kids about what *it* does to those cats, but that must be a crude jok.. ..Your mind must be playing tricks on you from sleep deprivation.

A long day is now a long night. Opting to ignore all instincts and ignitions, forcing eyes to stare at the black of your eyelids. The rain grows heavier. You think of a happier time, droning out to the noise and envisioning it similar to the sound of a busy store. Even if you found it overwhelming, it was better then the mind numbing anxiety inducing presence of nothing. The rain grows louder. You wonder about the man who runs the hardware store in that part of town. Not because you care, or even if hes okay, but a unexplainable curiosity. The rain grows angrier. Until you realize, its not rain at all, its creaking. Creaking of the stairs.

Unable to ignore instincts any longer, you glance over at your closed door. And the noise is unmistakeable, something is opening the doors along the hallway and stepping inside to do.. something inside. And whatever that is, you don't have the time to ponder it, and certainly not the best idea to find out. The faint light under the door has a shadow for a brief minute, whatever walked by is examining the room across from this one; and you have to think quickly.

The window would create too much noise, and even then, the height from here is unsafe combined with the slippery roof. The closet is too obvious, not to mention a bit cramped due to the clothes. The desk is also too obvious and barely has enough coverage. The bed is less assuming, it has long thick blankets that drape over the end. And you could move the boxes around underneath it easily to make it appear full; and not containing a body. Getting up swiftly but silently, rearranging the blankets above to look unslept in, sliding yourself under the bed with just a knick of time.

When the door opens, a chill enters the room along with it. Like the sighting of a deer carcass on the road, something that doesn't belong in this living space. Barely anything is visible from under the bed, but theres boots, and what seems to be a coat behind it. Which fits his description perfectly. But thats not exactly something common people wear in Arizona.. For a split second, you're a bit mad hes tracking his blood stained shoes in here. What a terrible thing to say, but that is domestic life for you. The same kind that the doctor on the news said drove him insane.

Its breathing fairly loudly, as if out of breath. Quaking in a way, judging by the shivers from the throat like a rattle and the vague motions you can see of presumably shaking. It is chilly when it rains. The search of this room isn't very through, it kind of spins around in different directions as if to shoot any sudden movements. Which is a little odd, but then again, the quota was said to be law officials. Not random residents; unless they were at the wrong place at the wrong time. ..Which happened to be many.

This might be the last room examined, as its the last one of the last floor of the house. How did it get in anyway? Probably the basement. You rememember a similar story on the news a few years ago. A family being murdered by a home invader who snuck in thru the basement window. Anything else would've caused a noticable racket. In the moment of trying to rationalize this horrible event, blaming yourself for a untimely demise before anyone else can, you realize you haven't really been breathing this entire time; hand glued to your mouth. And when you realize that too, you realize theres no more boots standing there.

Eyes darting side to side, something interwines its claws to your hair, pulling you out from underneath the bed. The boxes barely had any effect on the impact its reach made. Limp, like a rabbit when its caught in a canines jaw, atleast you were right one last time before your demise. The red of its hair takes up the room once more. Its him. The same blackened eyes you saw on the television, now are staring out at yours. As they don't look.. bloodthirsty, as described.

Using its other hand, grabbing ahold of your writhing self, your jaw holds firmly. And when you look at him, he seems bewildered. In a whisper, a shocked chord, "..You're not *sick*?"